I'm anxious, unconsciously studying the wood grain on the closed door to my office. Tomorrow marks a majoy milstone in our works; cause for nervousness on any project, but this is different. Dr. Penrose's machine runs tomorrow, at full specification for the first time, and I know nothing about it.

Funding for the facility is highly unorthodox, coming with strict requirements for Penrose's autonomy. She is not very forthcoming. Only a select group of preferred reseachers and technicians hav seen the device. I've never even been allowed a glimpse of a schematic.

And yet, this place remains my responsibility, so I do what I can. Laying personnel reports across the austere surface of my desk. A sip of coffee, still hot. Concerned by the obvious pattern: Dr. Penrose's team has always been dedicated, but resently it's verging on fervor. Each successful test, and their hours increase. Now, many of them sleeping in their offices, working late into the night.

On the top of the pile, ??? Salgado. Like the rest, clocking un reasonable hours. This past week, no record of them leaving the lab at all. I'd do something about it, if any of them ever left their secure area; closed away behind doors locked even to me.



--

I am the second of four.

The walls swim with fishes, tiny and iridescent; darting between the bricks, squeezing into the gaps between molecules. There's more space there than you think. I'm in the gaps too, but not between molecules.

Not unaware of my body, going through its motions at the lab, but the fishes dancing in spiralling patterns and I know I've seen that dance before and it's right on the tip of my tongue. Seven shining fishes swimming in undulating waves, seventh harmonic, faster and faster.

But then Dr. Hofstadter is there and he's speaking to me: "Is the director in?"

"No." The Words barely slip through the clouds of fishes, and there's more and more of them and they're dancing just for me. They're in my eyes now, and it's more wonderful than I imagined.

They're dancing in my eyes.

---

I am the last of four.

It's just this one moment, repeating. The details change, of course, but it's all the same really. Living this paticular version, the configuration placing me in a hallway and I'm walking. Following a man called Hofstader, I think.

Footfalls clack six times, and then we start over. Six more, repeat. Six more. We'll be in this instant forever.

It's easy to think that two times are different, until you unthink it. Until you realize that the variathions are repeating, too; epicycles of looping events, endlessly complex in thier simplicity. At first it was a terrible thought, being trapped in a single echoing moment. Now, I see different.

I get to stay here forever.
